# README Generator

A command-line application to generate professional-style README&#46;md files.

## Table of Contents

- [Description](#Description)

- [Usage Guide](#Usage-Guide)

- [Demonstation](#Demonstation)

- [Future Development](#Future-Development)

## Description

This README generator uses npm Inquirer to prompt the user a series of questions that allow the user to input the data onto the README without worrying about formatting or placement. Some final manipulation of the README may be necessary to insert pictures or GIFs and add any other relevant sections that are not included. The generator automatically makes a Table of Contents with links that let the user of the README automatically jump to the sections they want.

## Usage Guide

Be sure to install all of the dependencies. To do this, navigate in your terminal to the folder that holds the README generator files and type:

```bash
npm i
```

Once those are installed, simply run the program by typing:

```bash
node index.js
```

The program should prompt for answers with relevant questions. A few questions can be ignored if they are not relevant to the user's project. The sections that can be ignored are identifiable by the gray '(N/A)' that appears after the questions. If these questions are left blank, the app will remove all relevant sections to keep from cluttering up the README that is generated.

## Demonstration

There are two example READMEs that were generated with the app in the "examples" folder that comes with the application. The name was changed after generation for the 'PW_Generator_README.md' file. The other file, titled 'README.&#xfeff;md' will be overwritten with the README generated by the user if they choose to do so. A video of the second file's creation can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1RMpsmWm1UsJZq887cG69TR2yLIQr64ay/view).

## Future Development

This project was done as a homework assignment. It may be refined in the future to convert it from command-line code into something more user-friendly, but I currently have a full plate and there is no timeline available for these changes, if they ever even occur.
